Add note on compression choices for ZFS (#13)
questdb/documentation: guides/compression-zfs.md

to customize your ZFS to meet your requirements.

Once created, ZFS provides system-level compression.

> ## Compression choices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compression choices, LZ4 and zstd
```

ZFS offers a number of compression choices when constructing the volume.

> *lz4* offers a good balance of compression ratio versus increased CPU usage, and slowed performance. For general usage, we would recommend using *lz4*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[LZ4](https://github.com/lz4/lz4) offers a good balance of compression ratio versus increased CPU usage, and slowed performance. For general usage, we recommend using LZ4.
```

> *zstd* is another strong option. This will provide higher compression ratios, but take longer to decompress. We would recommend this when storage size is an absolute priority, or for embedded-style deployments (i.e Raspberry PI, home IoT setups).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[zstd](https://github.com/facebook/zstd) is another strong option. This will provide higher compression ratios, but take longer to decompress. We recommend this when storage size is an absolute priority, or for embedded-style deployments (i.e. Raspberry Pi, home IoT setups).
```

As always, it is best to benchmark your choice to ensure that the performance matches your use case.

:::note 

> We run CI tests using *ZFS* with *lz4* compression. If you encounter issues with other compression algorithms, please let us know.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We regularly run tests using *ZFS* with *LZ4* compression. If you encounter issues with other compression algorithms, please let us know.
```
